README.md, before:

# SharePoint Saturday Bangalore (30-Nov-2019)

# NOTE - This page is under updation... 

Thanks to all the attendees of SPSBangalore.  Here, we are sharing the Presentation links from all Speakers. Reach out to us on Twitter [@SPSBangalore](https://twitter.com/spsbangalore "SharePoint Saturday Bangalore") for any further inputs (Hash tag #SPSBangalore).

## Session Presentations

<i>Sorted by Speaker Name</i>

| Sl# | Track | Speaker Name | Session Title | Presentation / Links |
|:---:|:-----:|:-----------|:---------|:------------|
| 1 | Keynote | Tracy Van der Schyff | Keynote Speech | [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/TracyVanDerSchyff/microsoft-office-365-the-what-how-why  "Tracy's Personal SlideShare")  |
| 2 | Developer | Dipti Chhatrapati & Manoj Mittal | Grow your SharePoint development platform with SharePoint Framework | TDB |
| 3 | ITPro | Nitin Sharma | SharePoint Product Updates and Roadmap from Ignite 2019 | TDB |
| 4 | Developer | Jayakumar Balasubramaniam | Leverage SharePoint Framework (SPFx) development using Microsoft Graph API | TDB |
| 5 | ITPro | Jenkins NS | Architecting your Intranet with SharePoint Modernization | TDB |

## SharePoint/Office365/Microsoft User Groups in Bangalore
These are links to Microsoft Technology related User Groups that runs in-person / online meetups.
* SharePoint Bangalore | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/spbangalore/ "Facebook") | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/spbangalore "Twitter")

* Bangalore IT Pro + PowerShell User Group | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/psbug/ "Facebook")

* aOS Community | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aosComm/ "Facebook")

* C# Corner Bengaluru Chapter | [Website](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/chapters/bengaluru-chapter "C# Corner Bengaluru Chapter")

* Microsoft Azure User Group Bangalore | [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Microsoft-Azure-Bangalore/  "Meetup")

* Bangalore .NET User Group | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/BDotNet/  "Facebook")

* SQL Bangalore | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SQLBangalore/   "Facebook")

* DataPlatformGeeks | [Website](http://www.dataplatformgeeks.com/ "Website")

## SharePoint Saturday Events

* Want to find out global SharePoint Saturday events? Visit [SPSEvents](http://www.spsevents.org/ "SharePoint Saturdays Home Page")

* SPSBangalore Event Page [SPSBangalore](http://www.spsevents.org/city/Bangalore/Bangalore2018/ "SPSBangalore 01-Sep-2018")

Commit message:

Added all sessions of 2019
Added all sessions of 2019. Need to start adding links to PPT as and I get them from speakers

README.md, after:

# SharePoint Saturday Bangalore (30-Nov-2019)

# NOTE - This page is under updation... 

Thanks to all the attendees of SPSBangalore.  Here, we are sharing the Presentation links from all Speakers. Reach out to us on Twitter [@SPSBangalore](https://twitter.com/spsbangalore "SharePoint Saturday Bangalore") for any further inputs (Hash tag #SPSBangalore).

## Session Presentations

<i>Sorted by Speaker Name</i>

| Sl# | Track | Speaker Name | Session Title | Presentation / Links |
|:---:|:------|:-----------|:---------|:------------|
| 1 | Keynote | Tracy Van der Schyff | Keynote Speech | [SlideShare](https://www.slideshare.net/TracyVanDerSchyff/microsoft-office-365-the-what-how-why  "Tracy's Personal SlideShare")  |
| 2 | Developer | Dipti Chhatrapati & Manoj Mittal | Grow your SharePoint development platform with SharePoint Framework | TDB |
| 3 | ITPro | Nitin Sharma | SharePoint Product Updates and Roadmap from Ignite 2019 | TDB |
| 4 | Developer | Jayakumar Balasubramaniam | Leverage SharePoint Framework (SPFx) development using Microsoft Graph API | TDB |
| 5 | ITPro | Jenkins NS | Architecting your Intranet with SharePoint Modernization | TDB |
| 6 | Developer | Ram Prasad Meenavalli | Provisioning Modern Site using Site Scripts and Site Designs | TDB |
| 7 | ITPro | Yash Agarwal | Modernize Business Process with SharePoint Online & Power Platform | TDB |
| 8 | Developer | SkandaRamana Suryanarayana | Make $$$ with Azure Cognitive Services and Photography | TDB |
| 9 | ITPro | Jasjit Chopra | Mastering SharePoint as back end data store in Power Apps | TDB |
| 10 | Developer | Vijai Anand Ramalingam and Vignesh Ganesan | Building Engaging Business Solutions for Microsoft Teams and SharePoint using SPFx | TDB |
| 11 | ITPro | Mitul Rana | Bringing AI to Business Users with Power Platform | TDB |
| 12 | Developer | Nanddeep Nachan & Smita Nachan | Continuous Integration for SharePoint Framework Solutions on Azure DevOps | TDB |
| 13 | ITPro | Chendrayan V | Business Process Automation using PowerShell with SharePoint | TDB |

## Event Photos
Event Photos are uploaded on SPBangalore Facebook Group.  You can find them here in this [Facebook Group Photo Album].(https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=oa.2455615804681191&type=3 "Facebook") 

## SharePoint/Office365/Microsoft User Groups in Bangalore
These are links to Microsoft Technology related User Groups that runs in-person / online meetups.
* SharePoint Bangalore | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/spbangalore/ "Facebook") | [Twitter](https://twitter.com/spbangalore "Twitter")

* Bangalore IT Pro + PowerShell User Group | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/psbug/ "Facebook")

* aOS Community | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aosComm/ "Facebook")

* C# Corner Bengaluru Chapter | [Website](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/chapters/bengaluru-chapter "C# Corner Bengaluru Chapter")

* Microsoft Azure User Group Bangalore | [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Microsoft-Azure-Bangalore/  "Meetup")

* Bangalore .NET User Group | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/BDotNet/  "Facebook")

* SQL Bangalore | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/SQLBangalore/   "Facebook")

* DataPlatformGeeks | [Website](http://www.dataplatformgeeks.com/ "Website")

## SharePoint Saturday Events

* Want to find out global SharePoint Saturday events? Visit [SPSEvents](http://www.spsevents.org/ "SharePoint Saturdays Home Page")

* SPSBangalore Event Page [SPSBangalore](http://www.spsevents.org/city/Bangalore/Bangalore2018/ "SPSBangalore 01-Sep-2018")
